Project Gutenberg's The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, by Arthur Conan Doyle
Title: The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
To Sherlock Holmes she is always THE woman. I have seldom heard
as I had pictured it from Sherlock Holmes' succinct description,
"Good-night, Mister Sherlock Holmes."
"You have really got it!" he cried, grasping Sherlock Holmes by
"Mr. Sherlock Holmes, I believe?" said she.
"What!" Sherlock Holmes staggered back, white with chagrin and
"Sherlock Holmes, Esq. To be left till called for." My friend
really an object of interest to the celebrated Mr. Sherlock
possess; and I remain, dear Mr. Sherlock Holmes,
of Bohemia, and how the best plans of Mr. Sherlock Holmes were
I had called upon my friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, one day in the
Sherlock Holmes' quick eye took in my occupation, and he shook
"Well, it is just as I have been telling you, Mr. Sherlock
"What is the name of this obliging youth?" asked Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock Holmes and I surveyed this curt announcement and the
Sherlock Holmes stopped in front of it with his head on one side
with Sherlock Holmes. Here I had heard what he had heard, I had
"I think you will find," said Sherlock Holmes, "that you will
Sherlock Holmes was not very communicative during the long drive
Sherlock Holmes had sprung out and seized the intruder by the
"My dear fellow," said Sherlock Holmes as we sat on either side
merchant-man behind a tiny pilot boat. Sherlock Holmes welcomed
Sherlock Holmes, with his finger-tips together and his eyes to
I had expected to see Sherlock Holmes impatient under this
Sherlock Holmes sat silent for a few minutes with his fingertips
Sherlock Holmes clapped his hands softly together and chuckled.
Sherlock Holmes alone, however, half asleep, with his long, thin
maid brought in a telegram. It was from Sherlock Holmes and ran
and you are always so interested in Mr. Sherlock Holmes' cases."
cab with my valise, rattling away to Paddington Station. Sherlock
"Oh, Mr. Sherlock Holmes!" she cried, glancing from one to the
"I hope we may clear him, Miss Turner," said Sherlock Holmes.
in Sherlock Holmes' insight that I could not lose hope as long
It was late before Sherlock Holmes returned. He came back alone,
Sherlock Holmes was transformed when he was hot upon such a scent
Sherlock Holmes took a folded paper from his pocket and flattened
'There, but for the grace of God, goes Sherlock Holmes.'"
When I glance over my notes and records of the Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock Holmes was able, by winding up the dead man's watch, to
the chimney. Sherlock Holmes sat moodily at one side of the
Sherlock Holmes was wrong in his conjecture, however, for there
"Tut! tut!" cried Sherlock Holmes. "You must act, man, or you are
Sherlock Holmes sat for some time in silence, with his head sunk
Sherlock Holmes closed his eyes and placed his elbows upon the
"Have you never--" said Sherlock Holmes, bending forward and
great city. Sherlock Holmes was already at breakfast when I came
the evening before I returned to Baker Street. Sherlock Holmes
grinning at my surprise, was none other than Sherlock Holmes. He
It was difficult to refuse any of Sherlock Holmes' requests, for
and I was walking down the street with Sherlock Holmes. For two
While Sherlock Holmes had been detailing this singular series of
"Now, Mr. Sherlock Holmes," said the lady as we entered a
Sherlock Holmes seemed to be embarrassed by the question.
Sherlock Holmes sprang out of his chair as if he had been
after my night of adventure. Sherlock Holmes was a man, however,
right and found ourselves in Bow Street. Sherlock Holmes was well
Sherlock Holmes sat down beside him on the couch and patted him
I had called upon my friend Sherlock Holmes upon the second
"No, no. No crime," said Sherlock Holmes, laughing. "Only one of
Sherlock Holmes laughed. "Here is the foresight," said he putting
Sherlock Holmes had opened his mouth to reply, when the door flew
Sherlock Holmes sat up with a whistle. "By Jove, Peterson!" said
