Sherlock Holmes glanced sharply across at me with a slight shrug
Sherlock Holmes looked deeply chagrined. He drew a sovereign from
"My name is Sherlock Holmes. It is my business to know what other
Sherlock Holmes hailed a four-wheeler which was passing. "In that
by the measured tapping of Sherlock Holmes' finger-tips upon the
Sherlock Holmes, I find many tragic, some comic, a large number
find Sherlock Holmes standing, fully dressed, by the side of my
"Good-morning, madam," said Holmes cheerily. "My name is Sherlock
Sherlock Holmes ran her over with one of his quick,
Sherlock Holmes had been leaning back in his chair with his eyes
"And what do you think of it all, Watson?" asked Sherlock Holmes,
It was nearly one o'clock when Sherlock Holmes returned from his
Sherlock Holmes and I had no difficulty in engaging a bedroom and
of the case was told me by Sherlock Holmes as we travelled back
Sherlock Holmes, for solution during the years of our intimacy,
to come to my friend, Mr. Sherlock Holmes, before you go to the
Sherlock Holmes was, as I expected, lounging about his
this extraordinary narrative. Then Sherlock Holmes pulled down
There were Sherlock Holmes, the hydraulic engineer, Inspector
the general public, and as my friend Sherlock Holmes had a
it on a level with his own," said Sherlock Holmes, laughing. "I
Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his chair and laughed heartily.
It was after five o'clock when Sherlock Holmes left me, but I had
Just before nine o'clock Sherlock Holmes stepped briskly into the
company," said Sherlock Holmes. "It is always a joy to meet an
Sherlock Holmes pushed him down into the easy-chair and, sitting
Sherlock Holmes sat silent for some few minutes, with his brows
Sherlock Holmes took it up and opened the bureau.
"There is one other thing you owe, Mr. Holder," said Sherlock
"To the man who loves art for its own sake," remarked Sherlock
the table had not been cleared yet. Sherlock Holmes had been
wall at the sight of him, but Sherlock Holmes sprang forward and
End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, by 
